# Training Plan Writeup: Team 8
## Barkin Cavdaroglu, Aya Hajjeh, Daniel Lampert, Elaine Pu

After getting our player up and running, we needed to figure out how many games we should train our player with in order to get optimal results. Obviously, with infinite games, we would be find the exactly game theory optimal strategy, but it is not possible to train our player for an infinite amount of time. Furthermore, according to www.probability.infarom.ro/blackjack.html, in a one deck game of blackjack, there are 1326 combinations for a starting hand alone. As a result, to enumerate all possible playouts of every possible hand would require computing ability and time beyond our control. Due to probability, we could determine when we would reach statistical significance for our training and approach the limit of optimal strategy. After a few lackluster training sessions using smaller repetitions, we decided to greatly increase the number of training sessions. We decided to train over 50,000 hands, which gives each starting hand an average of 50,000 / 1,326 = 37.7 games. Note that our programs generates hands randomly, so it is not necessarily the case that every starting hand appears ~38 times, but 50,000 is a large enough number to see hands appear around that range. Since blackjack has 20 (2-21) starting ranks for a player, this should give an average of 2,500 hands to each player starting rank. Note the difference between hand, which entails specific cards, and rank, which sums the cards.